[cheers]
- OKAY, THAT IS IT.
EVERYBODY OUT OF MY HOUSE.
RAY!
IF THEY MISS THAT BUS,
YOU'RE DRIVING THEM.
- OH, I GOT THE JACKET!
I GOT IT!
COME ON.
STOP IT, STOP IT.
- HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING,
HUH?
COME ON NOW.
YOU KNOW BOTH ARMS
DON'T GO IN ONE HOLE.
- BUONGIORNO!
- WE'RE BACK
FROM OUR HONEYMOON.
- HE'S GOT NO SHOE.
WHERE'S HIS SHOE?
- WHAT DID YOU DO?
HERE.
TAKE THIS ONE.
- IT DOESN'T MATCH.
- I DON'T CARE.
DON'T PUT IT ON IN HERE.
YOU TAKE THAT SHOE. YOU PUT IT
ON AT THE BUS STOP. GO.
- HEY, KIDS.
[horn honking]
- ALL RIGHT, THE BUS IS HERE.
YOU GUYS BETTER RUN.
- GO. RUN.
- AND, MICHAEL, DON'T FORGET
TO GIVE YOUR NOTE TO MRS. ABBY.
NO GYM TODAY.
- WAIT, GEOFFREY'S HOMEWORK.
HIS HOMEWORK.
- HOLD THE BUS.
HOLD THE BUS!
- I FOUND THE OTHER SHOE.
I FOUND THE OTHER SHOE.
- I DON'T THINK
WE MISSED ANYTHING.
- THE DRIVER'S SUCH A JERK.
HE SEES ME RUNNING AT HIM,
WAVING THIS, YELLING,
HE STILL TAKES OFF.
- I THINK HE WAS SCARED.
- HI, DEBRA.
- HI. HI.
HI, ROBERT.
- HIYA, SIS.
- YEAH, WELCOME BACK.
WHAT'S UP?
- HOW WAS ITALY?
- GREAT!
- IT WAS SO FANTASTIC.
- YEAH, WELL, GUESS WHAT.
NOW THAT THE HONEYMOON'S OVER...
THE HONEYMOON'S OVER.
- IT'S NOT OVER IN HERE,
AND IT'S NOT OVER IN HERE.
- THAT'S BECAUSE
THAT IS IN THERE.
- SO YOU TWO LOOK GREAT.
DID YOU HAVE FUN?
- OH, YEAH.
VENICE AND FLORENCE...
- LIKE A PAINTING.
EVERY NIGHT AT SUNSET,
WE'D GET ON THE GONDOLA
WITH A BOTTLE OF WINE
AND JUST FLOAT
DOWN THE GRAND CANAL.
- AND THE GONDOLIERS
WOULD SING FOR US,
AND WE'D SIP OUR WINE
UNDER A BLANKET AND CUDDLE.
- AND IT WAS SO BEAUTIFUL,
WE'D JUST START TO CRY.
- WHAT DID YOU GUYS DO
THE LAST COUPLE OF WEEKS?
- [chuckles]
I LOVE SEEING
RAYMOND LIKE THIS.
- LIKE WHAT?
- DEPRESSED.
- LOOK WHO'S HERE!
- HI, MA.
- OH, HONEY!
OH, I THOUGHT I SAW
YOU TWO COME IN HERE.
I'VE BEEN LOOKING OUT THE WINDOW
FOR THE LAST TWO DAYS.
- SHE SCARED THE CRAP
OUT OF THE MAILMAN.
- YOU TWO LOOK SO WONDERFUL.
- THANKS, MA.
YOU LOOK NICE TOO.
- HEY, MA.
- COME ON, LET'S SIT DOWN.
I WANT TO HEAR EVERYTHING.
- MA, I JUST SAID HI.
- RAYMOND, CAN'T YOU SEE
WE'RE HAVING A CONVERSATION?
ROBBIE'S HOME!
WITH HIS BEAUTIFUL
NEW BRIDE!
- HI, MA!
- OH, WE HAVE PRESENTS!
- PRESENTS TOO?
BUT JUST SEEING
YOU TWO IS A PRESENT.
- OPEN THE BAG.
- OH, YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO.
- THIS IS
THE MOST THOUGHTFUL GIFT
ANYONE HAS EVER GIVEN ME.
- WHAT IS IT?
- IT'S A PIECE OF SHRAPNEL.
- IT'S FROM WORLD WAR II
IN ANZIO.
- IT'S WONDERFUL.
I'LL BET IT'S FROM
THE ASS OF SOME KRAUT.
- OH, LOOK!
A PIN!
- THAT'S ANTIQUE,
100 YEARS OLD.
ANTIQUE.
- FRANK, LOOK.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
100 YEARS OLD!
- I THINK IT'S LOVELY,
JUST LOVELY.
- OHH...
- WHAT THE HELL?
- AH, THIS IS SO NICE.
OH, SPEAKING OF GIFTS,
HOW DID YOU LIKE
WHAT LEE AND STAN GOT YOU
FOR YOUR WEDDING PRESENT?
- OH, YES.
WHAT WAS IT AGAIN?
SOME SORT OF PORCELAIN THING
OR A SCULPTURE?
- OH, NO, NO, NO.
IT WAS A LARGE
CRYSTALLY COVERED CANDLE
WHICH THEY HAD MADE
WITH YOUR WEDDING INVITATION
IN A KIND OF WINDOW
WITHIN THE WAX
SO THAT, WHEN
THE CANDLE BURNS DOWN,
THE INVITATION
IS ILLUMINATED FROM BEHIND.
YOU KNOW, THE ORANGE ONE?
- RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT. YES.
IT WAS...BEAUTIFUL.
- I THOUGHT IT WAS SO CLEVER.
THEY JUST WANTED
TO MAKE SURE YOU GOT IT.
- OH, YEAH, WE GOT IT.
- 'CAUSE THEY HAD IT
SPECIALLY MADE.
- WE GOT IT, MA.
VERY NICE.
- SO I'LL TELL THEM
THAT YOU GOT IT.
THEY DIDN'T KNOW...
BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T GET
A THANK-YOU NOTE.
- OH. WELL...
- WELL, MOM, THEY'RE GONNA
GET A THANK-YOU NOTE.
IT'S JUST, YOU KNOW...
- OF COURSE.
YOU'RE GONNA SEND ONE, RIGHT?
I MEAN, YOU'RE GONNA BE SENDING
OUT THANK-YOU NOTES,
AREN'T YOU, AMY?
- YEAH, SURE, MARIE.
I'LL GET TO IT.
- OKAY, GOOD.
WHEN YOU SAY "GET TO IT"...
WHEN DO YOU THINK
YOU'D BE DOING THEM?
BECAUSE PEOPLE
HAVE BEEN COMMENTING.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WHO'S COMMENTING?
- PEOPLE.
SO, AMY, WHEN CAN I
TELL THE PEOPLE
TO EXPECT
THEIR THANK-YOU NOTES?
- WELL...CAN I BE
HONEST WITH YOU, MARIE?
- UH-OH.
- OF COURSE.
YOU CAN SAY ANYTHING TO ME.
WE'RE FAMILY.
- UH-OH.
- WELL, YOU KNOW,
WE JUST GOT BACK
FROM OUR HONEYMOON, AND--
- OH.
- WHAT?
- NOTHING.
I JUST THOUGHT YOU WERE GONNA
BE HONEST WITH ME.
I MEAN, TO TELL THE TRUTH,
YOU TWO HAVE BEEN HOME
FOR A DAY AND A HALF NOW,
HAVEN'T YOU?
- WELL, WE JUST WANTED
TO UNWIND FOR A LITTLE BIT.
- BUT YOU KNEW I WAS WAITING.
NO CALL OR ANYTHING.
I WAS SO WORRIED,
I CALLED THE AIRLINES.
I THOUGHT, "WHAT IF
THERE WAS A PLANE CRASH?"
BUT WHEN THEY SAID
OF COURSE THERE WAS NONE,
I HAVE TO TELL YOU,
I WAS A LITTLE UPSET.
AND NOW TO MAKE SUCH A FUSS
WHEN I'M JUST ASKING
ABOUT THANK-YOU NOTES...
YOU KNOW, I WOULD LIKE TO THINK
THAT WE'RE AT LEAST GRATEFUL
FOR THE GOOD FORTUNE
AND GENEROSITY
BESTOWED UPON US
BY PEOPLE WHO LOVE US.
- "THANK YOU
FOR MY SHRAPNEL."
- MARIE, I CAN'T BELIEVE
THIS MEANS SO MUCH TO YOU.
BUT, IF IT DOES,
I'LL WRITE THE NOTES
AS SOON AS I CAN.
- AND WHEN WILL THAT BE, DEAR?
SO I CAN TELL EVERYONE.
- I DON'T KNOW, MARIE.
CAN'T YOU JUST TELL THEM
THEY'LL GET THEM
WHEN THEY GET THEM?
- I SEE.
I HAVE TO SAY, AMY,
THAT I'M A LITTLE SURPRISED
AND DISAPPOINTED.
- AND I HAVE TO SAY, MARIE,
I REALLY DON'T CARE
ABOUT THIS RIGHT NOW.
- HEY!
- WE'RE LEAVING, FRANK.
- OH, COME ON, MOM.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE BEING
A LITTLE CRAZY ABOUT--
- WHAT DID YOU SAY TO ME?
- [whispers]
NOTHING.
- ROBBIE'S HOME!
[laughing]
- THAT COULD'VE GONE BETTER.
- NICE GOING, AMY.
- WHAT HAPPENED?
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
- OH, HONEY.
YOU MARRIED
INTO THE MANSON FAMILY.
AND CHARLIE GOES OFF
SOMETIMES.
- I DIDN'T MEAN TO ARGUE.
IT'S THANK-YOU NOTES.
IT'S SO STUPID.
- HEY, HEY, HEY,
HEY, HEY.
LOOK AT ME.
YOU WERE GREAT.
DO YOU HEAR ME?
YOU CAN'T LET HER
GET AWAY WITH ANYTHING.
- BUT SHE'S SO UPSET.
I DON'T WANT
A BAD RELATIONSHIP WITH HER.
I SHOULD GO APOLOGIZE.
- NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
HEY, LISTEN, THAT IS EXACTLY
WHAT SHE IS WAITING FOR,
FOR YOU TO GO OVER THERE
AND SAY YOU'LL WRITE
THOSE THANK-YOU NOTES.
YOU HAVE GOT TO BE STRONG.
SHE IS TESTING YOU.
TRUST ME,
WHAT SHE JUST PULLED HERE,
THAT'S HER BIG WEAPON,
THE GUILT BOMB.
AND IT DOESN'T HELP THAT
ALL THE MEN IN HER FAMILY
ARE SCARED TO DEATH OF HER.
WHENEVER SHE COMES UP AGAINST
SOMEBODY WITH A BACKBONE
WHO MIGHT ACTUALLY
CONFRONT HER,
SHE'S COMPLETELY THREATENED
AND SHE GETS HER CLAWS OUT.
AND SO SHE HAS BEEN
ALLOWED TO RULE THIS WAY,
UNOPPOSED, FOR DECADES.
LISTEN, AMY...
I HAVE BEEN
WAITING FOR YOU.
THIS IS A CRITICAL TIME.
EVEN THOUGH THIS IS
A TOUGH REGIME TO TOPPLE,
WITH YOU IN THE FAMILY,
NOW WE HAVE A SHOT,
YOU AND ME TOGETHER,
TO END ALL THE SUFFERING.
DO YOU HEAR ME?
WE CAN DO IT!
[Ray laughs]
- WHAT IS SO FUNNY?
- YOU'RE SO NUTS.
YOU STILL, AFTER 15 YEARS,
HAVEN'T FIGURED ANYTHING OUT
ABOUT THIS WOMAN?
AMY...
HERE'S HOW I SEE
ALL THIS STUFF.
MOM LOVES THE FAMILY.
SHE REALLY DOES.
AND SHE THINKS IT'S HER JOB
TO HOLD IT ALL TOGETHER.
DOES SHE OVERREACT
OCCASIONALLY?
OKAY.
SO SHE WANTS YOU TO WRITE
A FEW THANK-YOU NOTES.
SHE'S AN OLD LADY.
WHAT ELSE DOES SHE HAVE?
BESIDES, BEFORE EVEN
GIVING UP A DROP OF POWER,
SHE WILL TRULY KILL US ALL.
- WHAT DO YOU THINK,
ROBERT?
- I AGREE WITH RAYMOND.
- OH, COME ON!
- NO, NO.
I TOTALLY AGREE,
AND I EVEN ADD
THAT BECAUSE MA FAVORS RAYMOND
SO MUCH MORE THAN ME,
YOU WILL HAVE TO BE
DOUBLY NICE.
- YOU'RE BOTH IDIOTS.
- YOU KNOW, IT'S REAL EASY
TO MAKE TROUBLE, MISSY, OKAY?
BUT WHEN MA'S UPSET WITH YOU,
WE'RE THE ONES WHO SUFFER!
- PLEASE DON'T MAKE HER MAD.
- ALL RIGHT, STOP.
WHY DOES THIS FAMILY
HAVE TO BE THIS WAY,
WITH MARIE WIELDING
SO MUCH POWER
AND EVERYONE LIVING IN FEAR
INSTEAD OF JUST ENJOYING
EACH OTHER?
- YOU ARE RIGHT, AMY.
THAT HAS BEEN
MY PHILOSOPHY FROM DAY ONE.
HARMONY, LOVE,
UNDERSTANDING--
THAT IS WHAT HOLDS
A FAMILY TOGETHER.
MARIE IS GOING DOWN.
- NO, NO, NO, NO.
PLEASE STOP THIS.
- THIS IS WHAT WE DO.
- I CAN'T TAKE THIS.
I CAN'T--RAYMOND!
- NO MORE CRAP.
WE STAND UP; WE CONFRONT.
- I'M NOT AFRAID TO CONFRONT.
- MY LIFE WAS SUPPOSED
TO GET BETTER.
- THAT'S GOOD.
NOW, WITH THESE THANK-YOU NOTES,
HERE'S WHAT WE DO.
YOU WAIT A MONTH,
TWO MONTHS.
- REALLY? YOU THINK?
- ANY SOONER,
AND MARIE WINS.
YOU SET THE TIMETABLE.
THAT IS KEY.
AND ANOTHER THING--
IF SHE COMES OVER TO YOUR HOUSE
AND STARTS SNOOPING
AROUND YOUR REFRIGERATOR,
YOU PULL HER
THE HELL OUT OF THERE.
- RIGHT, BECAUSE
IT'S MY REFRIGERATOR.
- YES! THIS IS SO GREAT,
BECAUSE YOU CAN NIP THIS
IN THE BUD,
AND I AM GOING TO BE
RIGHT BEHIND YOU.
- WE CAN HELP EACH OTHER.
- I'M HAVING CHEST PAINS.
- YOU GET MY SHRAPNEL?
- SHH!
LISTEN, DAD,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
I NEED YOUR HELP.
THE LADIES,
THEY'RE PLANNING A TAKEOVER.
- GO ON.
- DEBRA, SHE SAW WHAT HAPPENED
WITH AMY AND MOM
AND THE THANK-YOU NOTES,
AND SHE GOT AMY
TO JOIN FORCES WITH HER,
AND NOW DEBRA'S
ALL FOAMING AT THE MOUTH.
- WAIT A MINUTE.
THIS IS BAD NEWS FOR ME.
ANYTHING THAT PUTS THE MISSUS
IN A WORSE MOOD THAN USUAL
PUTS ME IN THE DUMPER.
WHO'S GONNA FEED ME
IF THIS HAPPENS?
DEBRA?
THAT'S NO KIND OF LIFE.
HOW'S AMY'S COOKING?
- I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S GOOD, I GUESS.
- STILL,
IT'S A TEN-MINUTE DRIVE.
YOU GOT TO SHUT
THIS DOWN, RAY.
HOW ARE THEY GONNA
PULL IT OFF?
- IT'S ALREADY STARTED.
THEY'RE PLANNING, LIKE,
A BIG THROW-DOWN,
LAYING OUT THE NEW ORDER,
AND--AND EVERYBODY'S EQUAL.
LOVE ALL AROUND,
PEACE AND HARMONY.
- THOSE STUPID BROADS.
YOU CAN'T OVERTHROW MARIE.
BESIDES, ANY TIME YOU CUT
THE HEAD OFF SOMETHING,
THE BODY STILL RUNS AROUND
BY ITSELF, ALL CRAZED-LIKE.
- I KNOW! I KNOW.
THAT'S WHY I'M ASKING YOU.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
WHAT DO YOU THINK WE SHOULD DO?
- I'M NOT SURE YET.
- AAH!
WHAT THE--
YOU HEARD EVERYTHING?
- I HEARD ENOUGH.
- DID YOU KNOW
SHE WAS BACK THERE?
- YES.
- WELL, WHAT DID YOU
LET ME GO ON FOR?
- I WANT MY SHRAPNEL BACK.
- ALL RIGHT. LISTEN, MA...
YOU GOT TO UNDERSTAND...
- AND IF SHE OFFERS
TO DO YOUR LAUNDRY?
- JUST SAY NO?
- UNLESS YOU WANT
EVERYONE TO KNOW
WHAT SIZE UNDERWEAR YOU HAVE
AT DINNER PARTIES.
- THAT'S FUNNY. YEAH.
HEY, UH, WHO WANTS TO GET
SOMETHING TO EAT?
YOU KNOW, I MEAN, LIKE,
RIGHT THIS SECOND.
- HELLO.
- LET'S GO!
WHATEVER YOU WANT.
I'M BUYING, I'M DRIVING,
AND I'M LEAVING RIGHT NOW!
VROOM, VROOM, VROOM!
- RAYMOND, PLEASE STAY.
AFTER ALL, YOU BROUGHT SOMETHING
IMPORTANT TO MY ATTENTION.
- WHERE DID YOU JUST COME FROM?
- I WENT TO THE BATHROOM.
- NO, YOU DIDN'T.
- I'M DOING IT NOW.
- I WAS SHOCKED TO HEAR
THAT YOU TWO
WERE CONSPIRING
AGAINST ME IN SOME WAY.
- GROUP HUG!
ALL RIGHT, IT AIN'T HAPPENING;
IT'S NOT HAPPENING.
- WHAT HAVE I DONE TO BRING ON
SUCH DISRESPECT?
I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
IN THE ORIENT,
ELDERS ARE REVERED
AND HONORED,
NOT PLOTTED AGAINST.
AND WHY DO YOU HAVE TO TALK
ABOUT ME BEHIND MY BACK?
I'M HERE, RIGHT HERE.
AND, DEBRA, WE MAY HAVE
OUR DIFFERENCES,
BUT I CONSIDER YOU
MY DAUGHTER.
AND, AMY, ALL I WANT IS FOR YOU
TO FEEL THE SAME WAY.
I JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY
YOU COULDN'T BE DIRECT WITH ME.
YOU MAY NOT LIKE
WHAT I SAID BEFORE,
BUT AT LEAST I SAID IT TO YOU.
- YOU'RE RIGHT, MARIE.
I'M SORRY.
I DON'T WANT TO START OFF
LIKE THIS.
I LOVE YOU.
- I LOVE YOU, HONEY.
- AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M GONNA SIT DOWN AND START
ON THOSE THANK-YOU NOTES TODAY.
- WHAT?
- WHENEVER YOU GET TO IT, DEAR.
NO PRESSURE.
- WAIT A MINUTE.
WAIT A MINUTE.
THAT'S WHAT THIS
IS ALL ABOUT!
- WHAT'S THE MATTER, DEBRA?
- OH, DON'T GIVE ME THAT.
I KNOW YOU TOO WELL, MARIE.
YOU COME OVER HERE
ALL RATIONAL AND NORMAL
AND TELLING THE TRUTH,
AND THIS SAP FELL FOR IT.
- HEY!
- YOU CAN'T SEE THAT?
THIS IS A STRATEGY:
DIVIDE AND CONQUER.
- I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT, DEBRA,
BUT COULD IT BE
THAT YOU'RE A BIT JEALOUS
BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO SHARE
THE SPOTLIGHT WITH AMY?
- JEALOUS?
JEALOUS?
- WHAT IS THIS?
- VANILLA EXTRACT.
- SHE JUST DID IT AGAIN, AMY!
I AM PUTTING AN END
TO ALL OF THIS, DO YOU HEAR ME?
I AM NOT LETTING YOU
TAKE ANOTHER ONE.
AMY, DON'T YOU SEE
SHE WILL DO ANYTHING TO WIN?
SHE'S THE DEVIL!
- I GOT TO TELL YOU, DEB,
IT SEEMED TO ME
LIKE SHE WAS BEING
VERY UP FRONT AND HONEST.
- NO! NO, AMY, DON'T GO!
DON'T GO!
- DEBRA, STOP IT!
I CAN'T STAND ALL THIS.
I'M NOT USED TO IT.
I'M NOT GOOD AT IT.
I COME FROM A FAMILY
THAT WOULDN'T YELL
IF THEY WERE ON FIRE.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE NOT
GONNA LIKE HEARING THIS, DEBRA,
BUT I THINK RAY
WAS RIGHT BEFORE
WHEN HE SAID MAYBE WE SHOULD
JUST ALL TRY BEING NICE.
- SHE'S GONE.
- DID YOU WANT TO SAY
SOMETHING, DEBRA?
- NO, MARIE.
NOTHING.
JUST...
I'M SORRY.
- AW, NOW, DOESN'T THAT
FEEL GOOD TO SAY THAT?
OH, YES.
- GET OUT OF HERE!
- AND I AGREE WITH EVERYTHING
YOU'VE SAID, AMY,
EVERYTHING.
- THANK YOU, MARIE.
- AND ABOUT
THOSE THANK-YOU NOTES,
I DON'T CARE
IF YOU EVER GET TO THEM.
EXCEPT MAYBE ONE TO LEE AND STAN
ABOUT THE CANDLE.
COULD YOU JUST DO THAT ONE?
SEE, LEE CAN BE SO ANNOYING
ABOUT THINGS LIKE THIS.
- NO PROBLEM, MARIE.
- OH, YOU'RE AN ANGEL.
- HELLO.
- OH, HI, LEE. HOW ARE YOU?
- HEY, LEE.
- HI. I'M ON MY WAY
TO THE SUPERMARKET,
BUT I JUST HAD TO STOP BY
AND TELL YOU
I GOT THE NICEST THANK-YOU NOTE
FROM THAT SWEET AMY.
- OH, ISN'T THAT NICE?
WHAT DID IT SAY?
- OH, IT JUST WENT ON AND ON
ABOUT HOW SHE AND ROBERT
LOVE THE ORANGE CANDLE
AND WILL
TREASURE IT ALWAYS.
I HAVE TO TELL YOU, MARIE,
WHEN YOU PICKED OUT THAT CANDLE
FOR US TO GIVE TO THEM,
I WASN'T SURE ABOUT IT.
BUT I AM SO SORRY
I GAVE YOU AN ARGUMENT.
OBVIOUSLY YOU HAVE
WONDERFUL TASTE.
- OH, THANK YOU, LEE.
- THANK YOU.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
- OKAY, BYE-BYE.
[humming]